# Get Connected
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description: Hello CS50 Staff! I am so happy to present you with my final project. To help you understand my project, I will give you some background about me. I’m from a wealthy neighborhood in Atlanta, Ga - a city where walking a mile in some direction can take you from million-dollar homes to violence and poverty. This contrast is most present at my school, about 10 miles from my home. My school is in College Park and is directly surrounded by more or less affluent neighborhoods. However, drive a little farther, and you will be shocked by dilapidated homes and vast amounts of homelessness.
#### My school engages in our community, but not as much as we should. So, for my project, I wanted to fix that. I envisioned a picture where each student worked with a charitable organization in the area surrounding my school at least once a year. But how could I incentivize this? How could I push this vision past “Hey guys, do community service”? With the help of my CS50 skills, I decided that a website that grants students service hours (each student is required 20 per year) would be the push that would move my school closer to the community. 
#### So, I began my project with the vision of, once logged in, a homepage that directed students to community opportunities in any of the three main areas where students at my school live. This homepage is now “thepark.html.” Because getting in touch with community service centers was surprisingly tricky, I focused on the area directly around my school. “thepark.html” includes three Bootstrap cards: the ones on the left and right link to two charitable organizations' websites because they indicated through email that they wanted a link - not a display of opportunities. On the other hand, the charity in the center wanted their opportunities to be listed. I did this with an off-canvas slide primarily because I thought the off-canvas was the most aesthetically pleasing option. Regarding design, I tried to keep the website simple and stuck to my school's colors (red, white, and black) and logo (the war eagle). My “login.html” and “register.html” extend the same “layout.html” and my main page. In addition, my login and register pages use CSS inspired by https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/standard/extended/registration/. The format I picked matched the white that was already present on the login and register pages. 
#### My app.py contains code similar to that of app.py in Finance CS50. I require the user to be logged in before viewing the home page, and use render_template and redirect to direct the user to where they should be. My “styles.css” sets my background image, the background color for all buttons, and the font family for the site. My “requirements.txt” has the necessary imported libraries, and my “Procfile” defines the types of processes for my app. Finally, I used Heroku to deploy my application and PostgreSQL to store my database. 
